this is high protection company one of
the premier armoring companies in the
world this is a 2010 several a suburban
2500 three-quarter time armored to level
b6 this vehicle is designed to provide
complete protection to its occupants the
windows on the driver and passengers
front doors are operable to six inches
for passing of documents and other
important materials at checkpoints the
entire passenger compartment is armored
the roof the floor panels the kick
panels the pillar posts the roof besides
the doors the entire passenger
compartment is protected a new feature
is a power rear tailgate
this feature allows easy and quick
access to the rear cargo compartment
by having the tail the weight in the
tailgate only the glass the ballistic
glasses in the tailgate the rest of the
vehicle appears
as completely OEM original from the
exterior
the windows operate smoothly
Wow